Add `Resurrection Cup 2024 Concludes` news post (#12265)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2024/2024-10-09-resurrection-cup-2024-results.md

---
layout: post
title: Resurrection Cup 2024 Results
date: 2024-10-09 19:00:00 +0000
---

This year's Resurrection Cup has come to an end... read on for the results and reflections from the people who made it happen!

![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-05-12-resurrection-cup-2024-registrations-now-open/banner.jpg)

> Starting with [registrations back in May 11](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2024-05-12-resurrection-cup-2024-registration-now-open) and ending with a grand final showdown on July 28, the Resurrection Cup has ended another year with a bang.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with [registrations back on May 11th](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2024-05-12-resurrection-cup-2024-registration-now-open) and ending with a grand final showdown on July 28th, the Resurrection Cup has ended another year with a bang.
```

## Results

![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-09-resurrection-cup-2024-results/podium.jpg)

## Highlights

> In the Quarterfinals, the legendary [verto](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2015300) made his appearance as a commentator. Known not for his tournament commentary, but for the iconic "Greetings!" that every osu! boomer instantly recognises from their [osu! YouTube content](https://www.youtube.com/@vertoHUN). Together with veteran [SadShiba](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10747626), they offered thrilling commentary to the delight of viewers. Not only that, but the intense match, moving from breakpoint to breakpoint and stretching well over an hour, is an absolute must watch. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Quarterfinals, the legendary [verto](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2015300) made his appearance as a commentator. Known not for his tournament commentary, but for the iconic "Greetings!" that every osu! boomer instantly recognises from their [osu! YouTube content](https://www.youtube.com/@vertoHUN). Together with veteran [SadShiba](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10747626), they offered thrilling commentary to the delight of viewers. Not only that, but the intense match, moving from breakpoint to breakpoint and stretching well over an hour, is an absolute must watch.
```

> *Germany owc B*, not favoured to win it, put up an incredible fight and almost managed to cause an upset. However, despite their determined efforts coming back from a 4-2 deficit - @ [57:30](https://youtu.be/2l4KS5feTA8?t=3450) - *Germany owc B* ultimately couldn't keep up and fell just short. Right before a tiebreaker could be reached, they lost to *swaglords*' pick of [Drastic Dramatic](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2206803#osu/4672803) (FM4) - @ [1:17:45](https://youtu.be/2l4KS5feTA8?t=4665). That being said, their battle was nothing short of exciting and a true testament to osu! players' competitive spirit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Germany owc B*, not favoured to win it, put up an incredible fight and almost managed to cause an upset. However, despite their determined efforts coming back from a 4-2 deficit @ [57:30](https://youtu.be/2l4KS5feTA8?t=3450) — *Germany owc B* ultimately couldn't keep up and fell just short. Right before a tiebreaker could be reached, they lost to *swaglords*' pick of [Drastic Dramatic](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2206803#osu/4672803) (FM4) @ [1:17:45](https://youtu.be/2l4KS5feTA8?t=4665). That being said, their battle was nothing short of exciting and a true testament to osu! players' competitive spirit.
```

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/2l4KS5feTA8" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

> In the Finals, top-seeded *kotomiler* faced off against the second seed *fresh off the boat* in a highly anticipated matchup. The intense game saw both sides trading wins on their own picks until the last two picks, which both turned into breakpoints - @ [1:25:40](https://youtu.be/R0FSFEV_uLA?t=5140). The match culminated in a tiebreaker, where ::{ flag=KR }:: [FlyingTuna](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9224078) gave an incredible performance by S-ranking Shokiii’s original Finals Tiebreaker song, [Eterna](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2215097#osu/4693364). Despite finding a sliderbreak in the final kiai section, this performance pulled team *fresh of the boat* across the finish, securing them the victory in the match - @ [1:38:08](https://youtu.be/R0FSFEV_uLA?t=5888).

Reviewer: reads weird to have `picks` repeated in quick succession, also i feel like the last sentence is better off without a timestamp at the end
```suggestion
In the Finals, top-seeded *kotomiler* faced off against the second seed *fresh off the boat* in a highly anticipated match-up. The intense game saw both sides trading wins on their own picks until the last two maps, which both turned into breakpoints @ [1:25:40](https://youtu.be/R0FSFEV_uLA?t=5140). The match culminated in a tiebreaker, where ::{ flag=KR }:: [FlyingTuna](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9224078) gave an incredible performance by S-ranking Shokiii’s original Finals Tiebreaker song, [Eterna](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2215097#osu/4693364), @ [1:38:08](https://youtu.be/R0FSFEV_uLA?t=5888). Despite finding a sliderbreak in the final kiai section, this performance pulled team *fresh of the boat* across the finish, securing them the victory in the match.
```

Reviewer 2: matchup is correct though no? Agree with the other changes.

Reviewer: yea you're right ive amended my review, about the `picks` vs. `maps` im not overly critical of `picks` staying twice

Reviewer: i amended the suggestions once again to completely reword that sentence as discussed on [Discord](https://discord.com/channels/188630481301012481/1233349822359273504/1302613245038825522)

Reviewer 2: Resolved following the discussion on [Discord](https://discord.com/channels/188630481301012481/1233349822359273504/1302629234409472031)

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/R0FSFEV_uLA" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

> And at last, the rematch and the summit of the tournament this year, the Grandfinals match between *kotomiler* and *fresh off the boat*. Taking place on a fully custom mapped mappool, this was a rematch for the ages. Starting off with [Acid Burst](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2218478#osu/4702398) (NM5), *kotomiler* got off to a good start, securing the first pick of the match. After trading points for a while, once the scoreline hit 3-3 - @ [56:00](https://youtu.be/wYxXtFU1SRY?t=3360) - *kotomiler* managed to run away with it, securing 2 breakpoints, and taking *fresh off the boat* to bracket reset. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And at last, the rematch and the summit of the tournament this year, the Grandfinals match between *kotomiler* and *fresh off the boat*. Taking place on a fully custom mapped mappool, this was a rematch for the ages. Starting off with [Acid Burst](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2218478#osu/4702398) (NM5), *kotomiler* got off to a good start, securing the first pick of the match. After trading points for a while, once the scoreline hit 3–3 @ [56:00](https://youtu.be/wYxXtFU1SRY?t=3360) — *kotomiler* managed to run away with it, securing 2 breakpoints, and taking *fresh off the boat* to bracket reset.
```

> In the bracket reset, *kotomiler* couldn't  keep their momentum going, losing their very next pick. Down by 2 points after 4 maps, they finally managed to turn the tide around, by picking [Acid Burst](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2218478#osu/4702398) (NM5) once more - @ [2:06:15](https://youtu.be/wYxXtFU1SRY?t=7575). Here, ::{ flag=PL }:: [MALISZEWSKI](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12408961) and ::{ flag=KR }:: [worst hr player](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14106450) put up a momentous performance, achieving 2 fc's and taking the point home for *kotomiler*. After this, only 1 more point was lost to *fresh off the boat* and with nearly 3 hours of splendour performances on both sides, *kotomiler* ultimately took home the victory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the bracket reset, *kotomiler* couldn't keep their momentum going, losing their very next pick. Down by 2 points after 4 maps, they finally managed to turn the tide around, by picking [Acid Burst](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2218478#osu/4702398) (NM5) once more @ [2:06:15](https://youtu.be/wYxXtFU1SRY?t=7575). Here, ::{ flag=PL }:: [MALISZEWSKI](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12408961) and ::{ flag=KR }:: [worst hr player](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14106450) put up a momentous performance, achieving 2 FC's and taking the point home for *kotomiler*. After this, only 1 more point was lost to *fresh off the boat* and with nearly 3 hours of splendour performances on both sides, *kotomiler* ultimately took home the victory.
```

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/wYxXtFU1SRY" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

## Resurrection Cup originals

> This year, we've managed to release 26 songs, alongside all of them over 30 original illustrations ranging from beatmap backgrounds, PV animations, album covers and other necessary assets for announcements and banners.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This year, we've managed to release 26 songs, and alongside all of them over 30 original illustrations ranging from beatmap backgrounds, PV animations, album covers and other necessary assets for announcements and banners.
```

| [![SoundCloud](/wiki/shared/link/SoundCloud.png)](https://soundcloud.com/user-721414606/delusions "SoundCloud") [![YouTube](/wiki/shared/link/YouTube.png)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DNX09ZN0zuI "YouTube") | N\_dog feat. quu-zie - Delusions | [![#1](/wiki/shared/link/Link.png)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2219285) | Grand Finals tiebreaker |

## Serenity, the face of Resurrection Cup

![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-09-resurrection-cup-2024-results/serenity.jpg)

Resurrection Cup's theme is something that has evolved throughout its 3 past iterations. This is mainly represented in the tournament's graphics.

![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-09-resurrection-cup-2024-results/theme-progression.png)

- In 2022, the theme was about humanity still being alive and thriving even after a devastating apocalypse where afterwards the metropolitan areas of the planet are reclaimed by nature.

> - In 2023, the last traces of humanity are now gone, as planets are colliding with one another, Earth isn’t any different. Represented by vibrant red and orange colors, a cataclysmic event that surely will not leave any living organism behind.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In 2023, the last traces of humanity are now gone, as planets are colliding with one another, Earth isn’t any different. Represented by vibrant red and orange colours, a cataclysmic event that surely will not leave any living organism behind.
```

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8266808" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-09-resurrection-cup-2024-results/avatar-[Boy]DaLat.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8266808">[Boy]DaLat</a></p>

Despite being a 4 years overlay developer as I am, I am pretty sure that the community will not be switching fully to tosumemory overlays anytime soon in the future. osu!(lazer) is a native, highly maintained, fully tested, easy to setup streaming client. Even without the highly customizable experience of tosumemory overlays, it is the de facto, the one to go for when you first think of organizing a tournament. Tosumemory overlays are great, but for it to have the native-like experience of osu!(lazer) will need a lot of efforts. Each one has its own pros and cons respectively so it is best to choose which kind of client do you want based on your needs, not to be biased by any of the majority.

</div>

---

> In the tournament history of osu!, many people have hosted successful tournaments, whether it be for player enjoyment or viewer enjoyment. Regardless of the goal, the pressure stays the same. In our case, the tiny community that developed itself over the past 4 ResCup tournaments certainly elevated vast majority of this pressure and made even the preparations not only stress free, but a joy. Thank you to each and every single person who worked on Resurrection Cup 2024, and thank you to everyone who supports us! See you all next year, in **Resurrection Cup 2025: Regulus Revolution**.

Reviewer: is it 4 or 3 iterations? the first sentence in the Serenity bits says there were 3 past iterations, with the below graphic including the latest one among the 3
```suggestion
In the tournament history of osu!, many people have hosted successful tournaments, whether it be for player enjoyment or viewer enjoyment. Regardless of the goal, the pressure stays the same. In our case, the tiny community that developed itself over the past 4 ResCup tournaments certainly elevated vast majority of this pressure and made even the preparations not only stress-free, but a joy.

Thank you to each and every single person who worked on Resurrection Cup 2024, and thank you to everyone who supports us! See you all next year, in **Resurrection Cup 2025: Regulus Revolution**.
```

---
layout: post
title: Resurrection Cup 2024 Results
date: 2024-10-09 19:00:00 +0000
---

This year's Resurrection Cup has come to an end... read on for the results and reflections from the people who made it happen!

![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-05-12-resurrection-cup-2024-registrations-now-open/banner.jpg)

Starting with [registrations back on May 11th](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2024-05-12-resurrection-cup-2024-registration-now-open) and ending with a grand final showdown on July 28th, the Resurrection Cup has ended another year with a bang.

## Results

![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-09-resurrection-cup-2024-results/podium.jpg)

## Highlights

> In the Quarterfinals, the legendary [verto](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2015300) made his appearance as a commentator. Known not for his tournament commentary, but for the iconic "Greetings!" that every osu! boomer instantly recognises from their [osu! YouTube content](https://www.youtube.com/@vertoHUN). Together with veteran [SadShiba](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10747626), they offered thrilling commentary to the delight of viewers. Not only that, but the intense match, moving from breakpoint to breakpoint and stretching well over an hour, is an absolute must watch.

Reviewer 2: Applied with "vs." changed to "and". It read very weirdly to me otherwise.

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/2l4KS5feTA8" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

In the Finals, top-seeded *kotomiler* faced off against the second seed *fresh off the boat* in a highly anticipated matchup. The intense game saw no breakpoints until the last two picks @ [1:25:40](https://youtu.be/R0FSFEV_uLA?t=5140), leading the match to culminate in a tiebreaker. Here, ::{ flag=KR }:: [FlyingTuna](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9224078) gave an incredible performance by S-ranking Shokiii’s original Finals Tiebreaker song, [Eterna](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2215097#osu/4693364), @ [1:38:08](https://youtu.be/R0FSFEV_uLA?t=5888). Despite finding a sliderbreak in the final kiai section, this performance pulled team *fresh of the boat* across the finish, securing them the victory in the match.

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/R0FSFEV_uLA" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

> And at last, the rematch and the summit of the tournament this year, the Grandfinals match between *kotomiler* and *fresh off the boat*. Taking place on a fully custom mapped mappool, this was a rematch for the ages. Starting off with [Acid Burst](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2218478#osu/4702398) (NM5), *kotomiler* got off to a good start, securing the first pick of the match. After trading points for a while, once the scoreline hit 3–3 @ [56:00](https://youtu.be/wYxXtFU1SRY?t=3360) — *kotomiler* managed to run away with it, securing 2 breakpoints, and taking *fresh off the boat* to bracket reset.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
And at last, the summit of the tournament this year. Taking place on a fully custom-mapped mappool, the Grand Finals match between *kotomiler* and *fresh off the boat* was a rematch for the ages. Starting off with [Acid Burst](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2218478#osu/4702398) (NM5), *kotomiler* got off to a good start, securing the first pick of the match. After trading points for a while, once the scoreline hit 3–3 @ [56:00](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wYxXtFU1SRY&t=3360s) — *kotomiler* managed to run away with it, securing 2 breakpoints, and taking *fresh off the boat* to a bracket reset.
```

> In the bracket reset, *kotomiler* couldn't keep their momentum going, losing their very next pick. Down by 2 points after 4 maps, they finally managed to turn the tide around, by picking [Acid Burst](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2218478#osu/4702398) (NM5) once more @ [2:06:15](https://youtu.be/wYxXtFU1SRY?t=7575). Here, ::{ flag=PL }:: [MALISZEWSKI](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12408961) and ::{ flag=KR }:: [worst hr player](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14106450) put up a momentous performance, achieving 2 FC's and taking the point home for *kotomiler*. After this, only 1 more point was lost to *fresh off the boat* and with nearly 3 hours of splendour performances on both sides, *kotomiler* ultimately took home the victory.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In the bracket reset, *kotomiler* couldn't keep their momentum going, losing their very next pick. Down by 2 points after 4 maps, they finally managed to turn the tide around, by picking [Acid Burst](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2218478#osu/4702398) (NM5) once more @ [2:06:15](https://youtu.be/wYxXtFU1SRY?t=7575). Here, ::{ flag=PL }:: [MALISZEWSKI](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12408961) and ::{ flag=KR }:: [worst hr player](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14106450) put up a momentous performance, achieving 2 FCs and taking the point home for *kotomiler*. After this, only 1 more point was lost to *fresh off the boat*, and with nearly 3 hours of splendour performances on both sides, *kotomiler* ultimately took home the victory.
```

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/wYxXtFU1SRY" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

## Resurrection Cup originals

This year, we've managed to release 26 songs, and alongside all of them over 30 original illustrations ranging from beatmap backgrounds, PV animations, album covers and other necessary assets for announcements and banners.

> Here is a crossfade showcasing the selection of these songs that will appear in the *Wishes for Tomorrow* album!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Here is a crossfade of the upcoming *Wishes for Tomorrow* album which will include 22 of them!
```

| [![SoundCloud](/wiki/shared/link/SoundCloud.png)](https://soundcloud.com/user-721414606/delusions "SoundCloud") [![YouTube](/wiki/shared/link/YouTube.png)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DNX09ZN0zuI "YouTube") | N\_dog feat. quu-zie - Delusions | [![#1](/wiki/shared/link/Link.png)](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2219285) | Grand Finals tiebreaker |

## Serenity, the face of Resurrection Cup

![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-09-resurrection-cup-2024-results/serenity.jpg)

Resurrection Cup's theme is something that has evolved throughout its 3 past iterations. This is mainly represented in the tournament's graphics.

![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-09-resurrection-cup-2024-results/theme-progression.png)

- In 2022, the theme was about humanity still being alive and thriving even after a devastating apocalypse where afterwards the metropolitan areas of the planet are reclaimed by nature.

> - In 2023, the last traces of humanity are now gone, as planets are colliding with one another, Earth isn’t any different. Represented by vibrant red and orange colours, a cataclysmic event that surely will not leave any living organism behind.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- In 2023, the last traces of humanity were gone. With many planets colliding with one another, Earth wasn't any different. Represented by vibrant red and orange colours, a cataclysmic event was in sight, one that surely would not leave any living organism behind.
```

> - This year, you, as the player or viewer of the tournament series, are given a second chance at living. Now you are in the afterlife, and you get a chance to prove yourself worthy. Worthy of reincarnation.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- This year, you, the player or viewer of the tournament series, are given a second chance at living. Now you are in the afterlife, and you get a chance to prove yourself worthy. Worthy of reincarnation.
```

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://twitter.com/Yumeyo_art">Yumeyo</a></p>

Trying to communicate her personality through art was a tough task, as I have made OCs before, but this was my first experience making a character that I knew will be in front of many people, and also representing Resurrection Cup, and the community working behind it.

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12840110" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-09-resurrection-cup-2024-results/avatar-Phreel.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12840110">Phreel</a></p>

What does Serenity represent about Resurrection Cup?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://twitter.com/Yumeyo_art" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-09-resurrection-cup-2024-results/avatar-Yumeyo.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://twitter.com/Yumeyo_art">Yumeyo</a></p>

> For me, she is meant to represent how individuals come together to create something amazing for the community. So many talented artists come together to guarantee the best experience for attendees, and Serenity is meant to represent the individualism that with time and friendship forges into an amazing team-effort, creating a creative space for everyone while working towards the same goal. Also in my opinion, a mascot for a tournament with so many custom songs is a really useful thing, as it makes a great starting point for custom map backgrounds, jacket art etc.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For me, she is meant to represent how individuals come together to create something amazing for the community. So many talented artists come together to guarantee the best experience for attendees, and Serenity is meant to represent the individualism that with time and friendship forges into an amazing team-effort, creating a creative space for everyone while working towards the same goal.

Also in my opinion, a mascot for a tournament with so many custom songs is a really useful thing, as it makes a great starting point for custom map backgrounds, jacket art etc.
```

</div>

## Staff interviews

A lot of people were involved in making Resurrection Cup happen. We've asked a few more of those people to give insights into what makes Resurrection Cup... Resurrection Cup.

::{#alvearia-and-luminous-sky}::

> ![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-09-resurrection-cup-2024-results/alvearia-and-luminous-sky.jpg)

Reviewer 3: these interviews are missing introductory paragraphs ([example](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2024-10-07-osumania-4k-world-cup-2024-concludes#interviews)), since most of them require context to be understood

Reviewer 2: All interviewees now have introductions. Also added horizontal lines to better sepparate the different interviews.

<div class="news-chat-quote__text-container">

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12840110" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-09-resurrection-cup-2024-results/avatar-Phreel.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12840110">Phreel</a></p>

> What was your initial thought about having more than 20 original songs to do pooling with?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
What was your initial thought about having more than [20 original songs](#resurrection-cup-originals) to do pooling with?
```

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6248691" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-09-resurrection-cup-2024-results/avatar-Alvearia.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6248691">Alvearia</a></p>

I was surprised the most with the number of composers we were able to invite. When we had 5, 7, 10, I thought it's already too much and would require a lot of work to organize, but seeing more than 20 insanely talented people absolutely blew my mind. Each artist being unique with their genres and mixes, they still provided Resurrection Cup with astonishing songs that you would want to listen to on repeat. I'd say, my first initial thoughts were amazement and impatience to start the work on those projects.

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4429612" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-09-resurrection-cup-2024-results/avatar-Luminous_Sky.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4429612">Luminous Sky</a></p>

> While I was happy that we had lots of original songs, I knew these songs would hardly be the only custom maps we would end up with. Lo and behold, we had a total of 91 custom maps. 91!! That's an astonishingly large amount of customs and with our policy of trying not to reject a map due to slot-fitting reasons so long as the map itself is of acceptable quality, I knew pooling, or moreso the lack of it especially in later stages would make testing all skillsets, representing many genres and maintaining a similar difficulty across all maps in a pool quite the challenge. Regardless, I tried my best to cover missing skillsets as best as I could, sort of killing slot-pooling because of this, but only when necessary, like having a low BPM flow aim FM1 in Finals using Prayer for example.

Reviewer 3: what a long sentence

```suggestion
While I was happy that we had lots of original songs, I knew these songs would hardly be the only custom maps we would end up with. Lo and behold, we had a total of 91 custom maps. 91!!

That's an astonishingly large amount of customs, and with our policy of trying not to reject a map due to slot-fitting reasons, so long as the map itself is of acceptable quality, I knew pooling, or moreso the lack of it, especially in later stages, would make testing all skillsets representing many genres and maintaining a similar difficulty across all maps in a pool quite the challenge.

Regardless, I tried my best to cover missing skillsets as best as I could, sort of killing slot-pooling because of this, but only when necessary, like having a low BPM flow aim FM1 in Finals using Prayer for example.
```

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12840110" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-09-resurrection-cup-2024-results/avatar-Phreel.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12840110">Phreel</a></p>

Was it difficult managing all those custom maps and songs?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6248691" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-09-resurrection-cup-2024-results/avatar-Alvearia.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6248691">Alvearia</a></p>

> Managing around 90 original custom maps sounds like a really tough task to accomplish – but thanks to main host's/Phreel's organization plans, selecting small group of knowledgeable people to be a part of [Quality Assurance Team](/wiki/People/Quality_Assurance_Team) and dividing all mappers by divisions was a really smart move to do, and mostly by that, we finished this job successfully. But, nonetheless, there's plenty of room for improvement, overall quality of pools, which our team, of course, will try absolute best to achieve in the next iteration.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Managing around 90 original custom maps sounds like a really tough task to accomplish – but thanks to main host's/Phreel's organization plans, selecting small group of knowledgeable people to be a part of a Quality Assurance Team and dividing all mappers by divisions was a really smart move to do, and mostly by that, we finished this job successfully. But, nonetheless, there's plenty of room for improvement, overall quality of pools, which our team, of course, will try their absolute best to achieve in the next iteration.
```

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4429612" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-09-resurrection-cup-2024-results/avatar-Luminous_Sky.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4429612">Luminous Sky</a></p>

> Contrary to my initial expectations, I didn't find managing the custom maps and songs all that difficult, and even sometimes intruded into threads of maps assigned to other members of the mappool Quality Assurance Team because I felt I had to get a decent idea of what the maps are like and not just trust them to fit the norms of a slot or descriptions others give me, or we would get another aim FM2 incident like in Quarterfinals. There was also a period of time where I was really sick for like 2-3 weeks and others rechecked a couple maps after I initially requested some changes to them but felt unable to offer great feedback due to my health. I'm very thankful for that. So, yeah, overall, it wasn't that difficult, but while I of course love how many artists and mappers we gathered for this tourney, I would've still preferred a little fewer customs overall for higher player enjoyment as well.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Contrary to my initial expectations, I didn't find managing the custom maps and songs all that difficult, and even sometimes intruded into threads of maps assigned to other members of the mappool Quality Assurance Team because I felt I had to get a decent idea of what the maps are like and not just trust them to fit the norms of a slot or descriptions others give me, or we would get another aim FM2 incident like in Quarterfinals.

There was also a period of time where I was really sick for like 2-3 weeks and others rechecked a couple maps after I initially requested some changes to them, but felt unable to offer great feedback due to my health. I'm very thankful for that. So, yeah, overall, it wasn't that difficult, but while I of course love how many artists and mappers we gathered for this tourney, I would've still preferred a little fewer customs overall for higher player enjoyment as well.
```

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/433" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-09-resurrection-cup-2024-results/avatar-Xyris.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-fa" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/433">Xyris</a></p>

From what I've seen both composers and illustrators had a strong work ethic; I was able to see the passion they put into their work. Composers were punctual, on time, and the illustrators accommodated for their songs with great quality. At the end, I was able to form many connections with the composers and illustrators alike with the friendly atmosphere at ResCup.

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12840110" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-09-resurrection-cup-2024-results/avatar-Phreel.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12840110">Phreel</a></p>

> (to Krimek) What inspired you to create "Lunaria" for this year's tournament, and how was your experience incorporating vocals for the first time?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Krimek, what inspired you to create "Lunaria" for this year's tournament, and how was your experience incorporating vocals for the first time?
```

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/371" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-09-resurrection-cup-2024-results/avatar-Krimek.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-fa" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/371">Krimek</a></p>

> Phreel encouraged me to collaborate with a vocalist, michiri9, which was both challenging and rewarding. Initially, my song wasn't suitable for vocals, so I started over. After sharing several short WIPs with michiri9, we chose what became Lunaria, inspired by M2U & Guriri. I wanted to create a song suitable for a singer, something ResCup hadn't seen before—traditional yet diverse and lively, with a small but deep story. The idea was a love story symbolized by a flower, told like a fairy tale with a thought-provoking ending. The simple melodies left room for vocals, and the technical drop made it exciting for mapping. Mixing and mastering vocals was a new challenge, but with online research and feedback from other artists, it worked out great.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You encouraged me to collaborate with a vocalist, michiri9, which was both challenging and rewarding. Initially, my song wasn't suitable for vocals, so I started over. After sharing several short WIPs with michiri9, we chose what became Lunaria, inspired by M2U & Guriri. I wanted to create a song suitable for a singer, something ResCup hadn't seen before—traditional yet diverse and lively, with a small but deep story.

The idea was a love story symbolized by a flower, told like a fairy tale with a thought-provoking ending. The simple melodies left room for vocals, and the technical drop made it exciting for mapping. Mixing and mastering vocals was a new challenge, but with online research and feedback from other artists, it worked out great.
```

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12840110" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-09-resurrection-cup-2024-results/avatar-Phreel.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12840110">Phreel</a></p>

Which artists or composers do you draw inspiration from, and how have they influenced your approach to creating custom songs for osu! tournaments?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/371" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-09-resurrection-cup-2024-results/avatar-Krimek.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-fa" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/371">Krimek</a></p>

> There are many artists who inspire me, even if they're not my favorites. Their work still offers new perspectives, which is crucial for broadening your horizons. My major idols are definitely Taishi, [Supire](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/373) and [Camellia](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/31). Taishi is a master of atmosphere and storytelling, Supire is a rhythm and sound design genius, and Camellia... well, you already know why. I draw inspiration from these three and try to incorporate their strengths into my songs. In other words: I try to learn from them and improve those areas in my songs. They've also become part of the osu! community, and their music is well-loved. How it influences my approach to creating custom song for osu! tournaments? If you create innovative music with exciting rhythms, you already have a great foundation for a custom tournament song.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
There are many artists who inspire me, even if they're not my favorites. Their work still offers new perspectives, which is crucial for broadening your horizons. My major idols are definitely Taishi, [Supire](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/373) and [Camellia](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/31). Taishi is a master of atmosphere and storytelling, Supire is a rhythm and sound design genius, and Camellia... well, you already know why.

I draw inspiration from these three and try to incorporate their strengths into my songs. In other words: I try to learn from them and improve those areas in my songs. They've also become part of the osu! community, and their music is well-loved. How it influences my approach to creating custom song for osu! tournaments? If you create innovative music with exciting rhythms, you already have a great foundation for a custom tournament song.
```

Customizability. The community would agree as well. osu!(lazer) is cool and really easy to setup, but at the same time near impossible to customize, even if you understand its codebase.

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8266808" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-09-resurrection-cup-2024-results/avatar-[Boy]DaLat.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8266808">[Boy]DaLat</a></p>

So I started developing overlays with the aim to provide a more customized, personalized overlay for each tournament. I believe that there are many potentials to how we could improve the default layout.

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12840110" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-09-resurrection-cup-2024-results/avatar-Phreel.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12840110">Phreel</a></p>

> What were your biggest fears or concerns while developing the overlay? Was it difficult of a transition?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
What were your biggest fears or concerns while developing the overlay? Was it a difficult transition?
```

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7696512" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-09-resurrection-cup-2024-results/avatar-Hoaq.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7696512">Hoaq</a></p>

> Totally. Using 3rd-party tool is always like living on the edge. In the past, each times osu! (more specifically the cutting-edge release) gets updated, our custom overlay would stop working, unless the tool we use to run the overlay gets updated as well.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Totally. Using 3rd-party tools is always like living on the edge. In the past, each time osu! (more specifically the cutting-edge release) gets updated, our custom overlay would stop working, unless the tool we use to run the overlay gets updated as well.
```

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8266808" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-09-resurrection-cup-2024-results/avatar-[Boy]DaLat.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8266808">[Boy]DaLat</a></p>

> I would say transitioning from osu!(lazer) to custom overlay might need a little bit of work. Each overlay has its own set of defined workflows, comparing to the standardized flow of osu!(lazer). Streamers, to some extent, need to be introduced to a different workflow, user experience, etc, which might take a while to adapt to. At first, developing overlays are pretty much trivial, you read the state from tosumemory, compare changes, update the state on the UI. But when I started to scale things up, for example, when I have to add more custom state, more interactions, I need to change my way of thinking over and over again. Because things might break miserably if I do not engineering thoroughly. That is why when I was asked to add feature abcdxyz to the overlay, during the production of the tournament, I got really upset because now I had to expand the structure of the overlay in such a short amount of time to keep up with the matches.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
I would say transitioning from osu!(lazer) to a custom overlay might need a little bit of work. Each overlay has its own set of defined workflows, comparing to the standardized flow of osu!(lazer). Streamers, to some extent, need to be introduced to a different workflow, user experience, etc, which might take a while to adapt to.

At first, developing overlays is pretty much trivial: you read the state from tosumemory, compare changes, and update the state on the UI. But when I started to scale things up, for example, when I have to add more custom state or more interactions, I need to change my way of thinking over and over again, because things might break miserably if I do not engineering thoroughly.

That is why when I was asked to add feature abcdxyz to the overlay, during the production of the tournament, I got really upset because now I had to expand the structure of the overlay in such a short amount of time to keep up with the matches.
```

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12840110">Phreel</a></p>

Did you take inspiration for the aesthetics of the overlay? If yes, from where and what inspired you the most?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7696512" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-09-resurrection-cup-2024-results/avatar-Hoaq.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7696512">Hoaq</a></p>

Saying we didn't would be a blatant lie. Learning from other tournaments (osu! or any other esports) is our go-to solution. There aren't any tournament overlays that really gave us the direction for our overlay.

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8266808" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-09-resurrection-cup-2024-results/avatar-[Boy]DaLat.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8266808">[Boy]DaLat</a></p>

> Speaking of the layout, in fact, I mainly took inspirations from Corsace. For the aesthetic, I'm mostly influenced by the design of Google's Material UI, specifically Android 12's Material You. If you look at the initial prototype design of ResCup overlay, you will notice a heavy resemblance from it. I'm trying to switch to a different style at the moment, which is Brutalism design. Maybe it will appear in my future overlays.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Speaking of the layout, in fact, I mainly took inspirations from Corsace. For the aesthetic, I'm mostly influenced by the design of Google's Material UI, specifically Android 12's Material You. If you look at the initial prototype design of ResCup overlay, you will notice a heavy resemblance from it. I'm trying to switch to a different style at the moment, which is brutalism. Maybe it will appear in my future overlays.
```

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12840110" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-09-resurrection-cup-2024-results/avatar-Phreel.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12840110">Phreel</a></p>

Do you see the community fully switching to custom overlay solutions from osu!(lazer) for tournament streaming?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7696512" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-09-resurrection-cup-2024-results/avatar-Hoaq.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7696512">Hoaq</a></p>

> Probably no. Transitioning to custom tournament overlay means that you will need someone with coding knowledge (HTML, CSS and JavaScript at minimum). Not many tournaments have voluntary staff that can also deal with the mess of coding what essentially is a static website. But some tournaments do, and they try to go for the best look that suits their tournaments' design.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Probably no. Transitioning to custom tournament overlay means that you will need someone with coding knowledge (HTML, CSS and JavaScript at minimum). Not many tournaments have voluntary staff that can also deal with the mess of coding what essentially is a static website. But some tournaments do, and they try to go for the best look that suits their tournament's design.
```

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8266808" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-09-resurrection-cup-2024-results/avatar-[Boy]DaLat.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8266808">[Boy]DaLat</a></p>

> Despite being a 4 years overlay developer as I am, I am pretty sure that the community will not be switching fully to tosumemory overlays anytime soon in the future. osu!(lazer) is a native, highly maintained, fully tested, easy to setup streaming client. Even without the highly customizable experience of tosumemory overlays, it is the de facto, the one to go for when you first think of organizing a tournament. Tosumemory overlays are great, but for it to have the native-like experience of osu!(lazer) will need a lot of efforts. Each one has its own pros and cons respectively so it is best to choose which kind of client do you want based on your needs, not to be biased by any of the majority.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Despite being an overlay developer for 4 years, I am pretty sure that the community will not be switching fully to tosumemory overlays anytime soon in the future. osu!(lazer) is a native, highly maintained, fully tested, easy-to-set-up streaming client. Even without the highly customizable experience of tosumemory overlays, it is the de facto, the one to go for when you first think of organizing a tournament.

Tosumemory overlays are great, but for it to have the native-like experience of osu!(lazer) will need a lot of efforts. Each one has its own pros and cons respectively so it is best to choose which kind of client you want based on your needs, not to be biased by the majority.
```

</div>

---

> In the tournament history of osu!, many people have hosted successful tournaments, whether it be for player enjoyment or viewer enjoyment. Regardless of the goal, the pressure stays the same. In our case, the tiny community that developed itself over the past 3 ResCup tournaments certainly elevated the vast majority of this pressure and made even the preparations not only stress-free, but a joy.

Reviewer 3: wrong word

```suggestion
In the tournament history of osu!, many people have hosted successful tournaments, whether it be for player enjoyment or viewer enjoyment. Regardless of the goal, the pressure stays the same. In our case, the tiny community that developed itself over the past 3 ResCup tournaments certainly alleviated the vast majority of this pressure and made even the preparations not only stress-free, but a joy.
```

---
layout: post
title: Resurrection Cup 2024 Results
date: 2024-10-09 19:00:00 +0000
---

This year's Resurrection Cup has come to an end... read on for the results and reflections from the people who made it happen!

![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-05-12-resurrection-cup-2024-registrations-now-open/banner.jpg)

Starting with [registrations back on May 11th](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2024-05-12-resurrection-cup-2024-registration-now-open) and ending with a grand final showdown on July 28th, the Resurrection Cup has ended another year with a bang.

## Results

![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-09-resurrection-cup-2024-results/podium.jpg)

## Highlights

Instantly recognised by the iconic yet simple "Greetings!", [osu! content creator](https://www.youtube.com/@vertoHUN) [verto](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2015300) made his appearance as a commentator in the Quarterfinals. Together with veteran [SadShiba](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/10747626), they offered thrilling commentary of the intense match between team *swaglords* and team *Germany owc B* to the delight of viewers.

> *Germany owc B*, not favoured to win it, put up an incredible fight and almost managed to cause an upset. However, despite their determined efforts coming back from a 4–2 deficit @ [57:30](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2l4KS5feTA8&t=3450s) — *Germany owc B* ultimately couldn't keep up and fell just short. Right before a tiebreaker could be reached, they lost to *swaglords*' pick of [Drastic Dramatic](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2206803#osu/4672803) (FM4) @ [1:17:45](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2l4KS5feTA8&t=4665s). That being said, their battle was nothing short of exciting and a true testament to osu! players' competitive spirit.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
*Germany owc B*, not favoured to win it, put up an incredible fight and almost managed to cause an upset. However, despite their determined efforts coming back from a 4–2 deficit @ [57:30](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2l4KS5feTA8&t=3450s), *Germany owc B* ultimately couldn't keep up and fell just short. Right before a tiebreaker could be reached, they lost to *swaglords*' pick of [Drastic Dramatic](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2206803#osu/4672803) (FM4) @ [1:17:45](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2l4KS5feTA8&t=4665s). That being said, their battle was nothing short of exciting and a true testament to osu! players' competitive spirit.
```

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/2l4KS5feTA8" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

In the Finals, top-seeded *kotomiler* faced off against the second seed *fresh off the boat* in a highly anticipated matchup. The intense game saw no breakpoints until the last two picks @ [1:25:40](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R0FSFEV_uLA&t=5140s), leading the match to culminate in a tiebreaker. Here, ::{ flag=KR }:: [FlyingTuna](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/9224078) gave an incredible performance by S-ranking Shokiii's original song [Eterna](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2215097#osu/4693364) @ [1:38:08](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R0FSFEV_uLA&t=5888s). Despite finding a slider break in the final kiai section, this performance pulled team *fresh of the boat* across the finish line, securing them the victory in the match.

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <iframe width="95%" style="aspect-ratio: 16 / 9;" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/R0FSFEV_uLA" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

> And at last, the summit of the tournament this year. Taking place on a fully custom-mapped mappool, the Grand Finals match between *kotomiler* and *fresh off the boat* was a rematch for the ages. Starting off with [Acid Burst](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2218478#osu/4702398) (NM5), *kotomiler* got off to a good start, securing the first pick of the match. After trading points for a while, once the scoreline hit 3–3 @ [56:00](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wYxXtFU1SRY&t=3360s) — *kotomiler* managed to run away with it, securing 2 breakpoints, and taking *fresh off the boat* to a bracket reset.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
And at last, the summit of the tournament this year. Taking place on a fully custom-mapped mappool, the Grand Finals match between *kotomiler* and *fresh off the boat* was a rematch for the ages. Starting off with [Acid Burst](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2218478#osu/4702398) (NM5), *kotomiler* got off to a good start, securing the first pick of the match. After trading points for a while, once the scoreline hit 3–3 @ [56:00](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wYxXtFU1SRY&t=3360s), *kotomiler* managed to run away with it, secure 2 breakpoints, and take *fresh off the boat* to a bracket reset.
```

> In the bracket reset, *kotomiler* couldn't keep their momentum going, losing their very next pick. Down by 2 points after 4 maps, they finally managed to turn the tide around, by picking [Acid Burst](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2218478#osu/4702398) (NM5) once more @ [2:06:15](https://youtu.be/wYxXtFU1SRY?t=7575). Here, ::{ flag=PL }:: [MALISZEWSKI](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12408961) and ::{ flag=KR }:: [worst hr player](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14106450) put up a momentous performance, achieving 2 FCs and taking the point home for *kotomiler*. After this, only 1 more point was lost to *fresh off the boat*, and with nearly 3 hours of splendour performances on both sides, *kotomiler* ultimately took home the victory.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In the bracket reset, *kotomiler* couldn't keep their momentum going, losing their very next pick. Down by 2 points after 4 maps, they finally managed to turn the tide around, by picking [Acid Burst](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/2218478#osu/4702398) (NM5) once more @ [2:06:15](https://youtu.be/wYxXtFU1SRY?t=7575). Here, ::{ flag=PL }:: [MALISZEWSKI](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12408961) and ::{ flag=KR }:: [worst hr player](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14106450) put up a momentous performance, achieving 2 FCs and taking the point home for *kotomiler*. After this, only 1 more point was lost to *fresh off the boat*, and with nearly 3 hours of splendid performances on both sides, *kotomiler* ultimately took home the victory.
```

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/12840110">Phreel</a></p>

How would you describe your experience with the custom mappers of the tournament?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6248691" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-10-09-resurrection-cup-2024-results/avatar-Alvearia.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6248691">Alvearia</a></p>

From my side I would not say there were any issues, at least in my division – all mappers delivered really high-quality maps within the given deadlines, and even if there was need to apply some mods or generally buff/nerf sections, they tried their best to make it done as fast as possible while keeping the quality level. If you ask my view on all 90 customs, I think every map found their fans, as for players that will replay them from time to time and wish to see them in ranked section, and as for other poolers in the community that would like to use ResCup customs in their tournaments.

</div>

> ---
> 

Reviewer 3: we don't need separators before the banners

```suggestion
```

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-fa" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/371">Krimek</a></p>

There are many artists who inspire me, even if they're not my favorites. Their work still offers new perspectives, which is crucial for broadening your horizons. My major idols are definitely Taishi, [Supire](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/373) and [Camellia](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/31). Taishi is a master of atmosphere and storytelling, Supire is a rhythm and sound design genius, and Camellia... well, you already know why.

I draw inspiration from these three and try to incorporate their strengths into my songs. In other words: I try to learn from them and improve those areas in my songs. They've also become part of the osu! community, and their music is well-loved. How it influences my approach to creating custom song for osu! tournaments? If you create innovative music with exciting rhythms, you already have a great foundation for a custom tournament song.

</div>

> ---
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
